MANAGER - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND BUILDING AUTOMATION SYSTEMS
Summary

Manager - Information Technology and Building Automation Systems

Versatile Building Automation System engineer and IT professional with vast knowledge of Enterprise Project Lifecycle methodology

andA experience to deliver insightful network infrastructure and building automation solutions. Network engineering expert with strong background
in project management and product support. Proven communication skills for quality development of standard documentation, as well as genuine
leadership and assistance for associates and clients.A

iohiil
; e Vast technical knowledge
e Enterprise platforms : ¢ Server management
e Current PMP Certification © Mac and PC expert
© Project tracking ; ¢ Computer programming
* Hardware and software upgrade planning Highly motivated
© Certified Information Security Manager . Resonesfil
* User experience (UX) design © Control system design
© Self-motivated © Proficient multi-tasker
Accomplishments

Awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal in 2010, 2011,A 2012, and 2013 .

Awarded Sailor of the Year designation for the Pacific Naval Fleet in 2013.

Successfillly managed the network infrastructure and server environment forA 150+ users and 300+ PC and network systems.
Responsible for the training and development of 8 technicians and projectA coordinators within my team A

Experience

Manager - Information Technology and Building Automation Systems

October 2014 to Current Company Name 1'/ City , State

Led a cross-finctional team of engineers, QAs and UX designers to develop features and fix product defects.
Delivered detailed feature roadmaps that included action items and project targets.

Leveraged in-depth understanding of end-to-end customer experience to identify pain points and latent customer needs.
Managed the 8 -person local IT team, allocating resources to ongoing projects and enforcing deadlines.

Conducted computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems and provide technical assistance and support.
Worked on large enterprise and business critical applications.

Analyzed and created new configuration for packaged software to meet business and system requirements.

Configured, maintained and provided trending and performance analysis of enterprise class storage systems.

Performed second-level support for all workstation and server class systems.

Served as the technical lead for server infrastructure including development, QA, staging and production systems.
Serviced electrical, pneumatic, mechanical and microprocessor controls.

Analyzed, modified and repaired digital control systems.

Set up, tested and configured networks, desktops, laptops and printers.

Created employee training materials and procedures to teach in-house workers proper software and hardware protocols.

Diagnosed, installed, configured and repaired computer systems and software.

Information Systems Technician
July 2008 to July 2014 Company Name i’ City , State

Utilized IT expertise to support communications efforts in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn, focusing on network
security, Microsoft-based programs, and the installation and maintenance of affiliated hardware.

Demonstrated technical expertise to install, upgrade, and troubleshoot networks and related articles, such as video teleconferencing systems,
routers, servers, computers, switches, and sound systems.

Entrusted with confidential information to successfillly develop and review specifications, standards, protocol, and inventory data, as well as
keeping numerous systems encrypted.

Maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure.

Set up staff workstations with PCs, Macs, phones and laptops. Translated technical specifications into detailed product requirements.
Maintained audiovisual equipment, including overhead projectors, laptops and video conferencing equipment.

Education
Master of Science : Computer & Information Science , 2015 University of Houston i City , State, USA

Top 15 % of class

Emphasis in Cyber Security andA Information Awareness.A
Coursework in Operating Systems and System Programming
Coursework in Computer Networking and Information Technology

Bachelor of Science : Management of Information Systems , 2011 University of Maryland University College i’ City , State , USA

* Coursework in Computer Networking and Information Technology
© 40A GPA

Skills

System administration
Windows Server 2003
Windows Server 2008
VMwareA

Active Directory
Microsoft Exchange 2013
Large computer networks
Linux

Mac OS

Microsoft Dynamics
Access Control SecurityA

Certifications

Certified Naval Information Systems Technician 4€“ First Class Petty Officer (E6)
Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)
PMI - Project Management Professional (PMP)
ISA - Certified Automation Professional

Cisco

Certified Network Associate (CCNA)

Certified Network Professional (CCNP)

Certified Security Professional (CCSP)

Video Teleconference Certified Expert

CompTIA

Security+
Network+

At