REGIONAL ENGINEERING MANAGER

Engineering Director

Innovative, solution-driven engineering director with over 25 years' experience deliveringA high-profile ITS/SCADA projects for the
Transportation and Water/Waste Water industries. A Expertise includes; technical solution architecting and cost estimating, mission critical
ITS/SCADA system design and delivery, disaster recovery planning, technical program management, and cross-team leadership.

a€<

a€< Execution and results oriented individual with a passion for solving business problems with innovative, cutting edge technology solutions that
enable clients to achieve and exceed desired business outcomes. A

Accomplishments

Technical manager with 90%+ success rate delivering projects on time and under budget.A

© Proposed innovative solution that would allow client to consolidate mutliple operations centers and provide for seamless migration without
service interruption, which resulted in the company being designation as the 4€~highly preferred supplier’.

* Maximized efficiency and ability to scale by industrializing sales and engineering delivery methodology and deliverables.A

© Originated and spear-headed product innovation ideas, enabling the company to differentiate itself in the ITS/SCADA market.

Expertise

Architecting best practice technical solutions
Technical program management

QA/QM

Client management

Vendor management

Testing and commissioning planning and execution
Team leadership / c ross-team collaboration

Engineering cost estimating
Engineering resource management and forecastingA
Process improvement

a€ aE
Professional Experience
Regional Engineering Manager 01/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

Currently directing ITS solution deliveries in Texas, Australia, New Zealand, and Chile. a€«

Lead systems solution architect responsible for technical proposal write-ups, presentations, and engineering cost estimates, which have resulted in
winning bids on projects ranging from $1M to $25M in the Western NA, SA, and Oceania regions. 4€<

Improved engineering resource coordination between project managers and the engineering department, resulting in more proactive resource
planning and increased visibility. a€< a€<

Implemented targeted, JIT training sessions, which drastically improved work efficiency by minimizing the technical learning curve for new staff
deployed on Projects. A

a€ aE

a€<

Recent Projects:

Santiago Chile ITS - Value: $1M

Currently directing the in-house development of an advanced traffic incident detection algorithm, which will tie-in with a GIS map based incident
response system to give the client early warning indication of traffic incidents and congestion spikes.

a€<

CityLink OMCS Upgrade - Value: $4.5M

Directed an ITS/SCADA system upgrade for a mission critical tunnel/tol-road in Melbourne, Australia. Designed an interactive, smart Motorway
GIS map to serve as the primary roadway monitoring and traffic incident response GUI.

a€<

LBJ/NTE Managed Lanes Project - Value: $25M

Technical manager for an ITS system delivery to monitor and control 40 miles of managed lanes for a greenfield civil works Project in the
Dallas/Fort Worth area. A The project deployedA the first dynamic tolling roadway in the state of Texas. A The state-of-the-art central command
and control center interfaces with several field device sub-systems (electronic information and toll rate signage, traffic detectors, cctv cameras,
weather and gas monitoring systems), the Drive-On-Dallas website, and TxDOT's LoneStar & DalTrans systems.

a€<

Engineering Supervisor 01/2011 to 12/2013 Company Name City , State

Improved engineering department productivity by re-organizing engineering staff activity reporting methods andA project resource planning, 4€<

Beat out the 4€“preferred supplier’ in a major civil project bid, by proposing a more efficient, single integrated technology platform that reduced the
overall cost and deployment timeline.

Effective engineering team leadership and QA/QC oversight resulted in delivery of several high profile, challenging ITS/SCADA projects on time
and under budget. a€<

Responsible for engineering estimates and technical write-ups for bid proposals, and providedA product demos to prospective clients during sales
presentations.

a€<

Major Projects:

Caltrans Devil's Slide Tunnel A - Value: 87M

Delivered a greenfield PLC/SCADA/ITS system for the monitoring/control of a mile Jong tunnel north of Half Moon Bay, CA. A Developed an
incident response CONOPS, followed by the design and deployment ofa life-safety, emergency incident response management GUI. A This IRM
GUI allows tunnel Operators to quickly react to a whole range of emergency scenarios that require evacuation of the tunnel and immediate
deployment of emergency first responders.

Eastern Distributor Tunnel - Value: $3.5M. A A Managed A the upgrade ofa life-safety ITS/SCADA system for a major tunnel servicing
downtown Sydney. A Commissioning included the hot-cutover of existing tumnel/traffic control systems, which was achieved with minimal
downtime.

a€<

Senior Engineer 07/2003 to 12/2010 Company Name City , State

Systems Engineer IT 07/1999 to 06/2003 Company Name City , State

Control Systems Engineer I / II 07/1992 to 06/1999 Company Name City , State

Associate Systems Engineer 06/1991 to 06/1992 Company Name City , State

a€<

Education

Bachelor of Science : Electrical and Computer Engineering 1990 University of California at Santa Barbara City , State

a€< Various Project Management/Leadership Courses