CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Summary
Energetic Construction Manager consistently involved in all facets ofA the project. Extremely knowledgeableA inA Pipe lines, A gas and oil
facility's and Mining industryA regulations and construction, providing expert direction in all aspects ofA contract construction.A Strong leadership
and communication skill. I am able to recognize problems and solve them and a fill understanding the important of forming a strong relationship
with the owners and engineers for the good of the project and future work. I work close with the safety side of the projects with a understanding
how important safety is for the crew and the company.

Highlights

¢ Strong management skills

* MSHA Certified : Sdoline

© OSHA Certified ° co ication skills

: Say ete ¢ Able to forma strong and experienced team for all phases

an of the project
© Specifications API 6A; SL; 15D; 1104; 653 ASTM A36; A350; ;
A694;392; AWS D1! : Cotptcrsteng contractors

© Clear and strong Verbal skills
e Very oriented and organized

Accomplishments

ManagedA $20mto 120mA projects, while supervising a team ofA 40 to 265A workers. I have a proven record of safe job sites, I have the
ability to forma safe environment for our contractors and team safety is first. All jobs have come in on time and on budget.A

1. Managed safe job sites.

2. Managed shut downs at Kennecott mine, BarrickA Gold strike, GSL, all mining.

3. Managed several Tank farms API 650, 653, 620, 651,652

4. Managed Pipe line projects from start to finish.

5. Managed new facilities civil, pipe, structural, Tanks

?

?

?

Experience

Construction Manager

February 2014 to May 2016 Company Name - City , State

ResponsibilitiesA are Manage the construction of the API tanks and facility along with the pipe line from the port to the facility including all drilling
under the railway and inner coastal.

Port Hudson I managed the erecting of the API tanks and pipe line from the river to the tanks. A

Managed 12 tanks being erected Port Hudson, Scenic, Port Allen

Construction manager

March 2008 to January 2014 Company Name - City , State

Kennecott Construction Manager for the Shut down installed solar turbine and Boiler to produce electricity.

Barrick Gold strike Construction manager of the 85 API tanks project and the structural, civil work

GSLA Managed the building of the pump stations 6 total

Denham mine A retired mine site back on line all new pipe lines and mechanics, shakers silos conveyer belts

Pacific Pipeline Fontana Ca,

9

9
Project manager / Construction Manager

January 2003 to January 2008 Company Name - City , State

HattiA - Managed the set up and all logistics to working over seas project 6 tanks and the facility pipe line and pump stations.
New Mexico- Pipe line 17 mile long into the existing facility and built new API tanks 4.

WyomingA Douglas, Pronghorn facility $ new tanks and all the facility pipe meter skids pump station rail way.

9

Education

High School Diploma : 12 Jones High - City , State , usa

26 years in the industry from the ground up and the last 15 years as a Project Construction Manager.

I learned the industry from the field and today I have 15 years of Managing the projects and a real good track record.
Skills

9

Strong Leadership, Strong Computer skills, Cost control, scheduling, managing a team, procurement, estimating, scheduling, coordinate and
manage staff meetings. A Very knowledge in theA Pipe line, Tanks, Facilities, Mechanical, Civil, Instrumentation.

I have a strong understanding of safety requirements.

The one thing and most important I have the ability to understand how important it is to keep a strong relations ship with the owner and the
engineers of the project.

Thank you foryour consideration I look forward from hearing ftom you.