INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER/ANALYST

Professional Summary

Innovative and solution focused web development manager/analyst with extensive experience in Program and Project Management. Detail
oriented and skilled in identifying technology needs, creating a plan for solving them, and leading multiple teams to implement the solutions. Self
motivated, strong leader, and team player that works hard developing staff A Experienced in working in industry and academia.

Skills

Project management —Results-oriented

Program management Effective multi-tasker

Process improvement Data analysis

Requirements gathering Team player

Team leader Team building

Strategic planning Extensive technology experience
Work History

Information Technology Manager/Analyst , 07/2006 to Current

Company Name a€“ City , State

Analyze the technology needs of the Graduate College, to develop short term and long term goals and to meet and implement the solutions to those
needs by working with internal, external or mixed teams tech or non-tech teams. Oversee the management of multiple websites running various
sofiware.A Supervise and manage the composition of the Graduate College information technology team focusing on balancing technology skills
based on short and long term goals.A Develop staff skills through training as needed. Collect and report data to various groups across campus as
well as to national agencies such as National Science Foundation, National Institutes of Health, and Council of Graduate Schools.A

© Led the Graduate College IT team for over eight years

¢ Implemented Software Development Lifecycle MethodologyA

Appointed to Iowa State University’s Paperless Task force to represent the Graduate College
Elected to the Professional and Scientific Council to represent P&S employees

Led strategic initiates for the Graduate College for past three years

Communication leader between faculty, staff and central IT

Proficient in the use and implementation of industry IT standards

Regularly translate detailed program requirements into technical specifications.

Manager , 06/2003 to 06/2006
Company Name a€“ City , State

Assisted with the running of the Des Moines Store (Largest in district).
Managed 25 employees.

Trained employees to complete their position duties.

Handled cash daily and reconciled accounts.

Web Communications Manager , 01/1999 to 01/2003

Company Name a€“ City , State

Developed and managed websites and web software related projects while staying within the $2 million budget of the Web Communications
department. A Directed various development teams of project managers and programmers focusing on internal and external users. A Created
project plans and worked with marketing and executive leadership to gain approval for projects. A Regularly worked by phone or emuil to
complete projects. A

¢ Led project teams to roll out first company wide intranet, while delivering 1 month faster than original timeline.
© Developed new corporate website from scratch, and then led teams to roll out new website.
© Developed, trained, and implemented Corporate Web Design Standards across the company.

Education

Family Financial Planning (Graduate Certificate) : lowa State University - City , State

Will be a Certified Financial Planner after completion. : 1 1998

GPA: GPA: 4.0 GPA:4.0

B.S : Marketing , lowa State University - City , State

Marketing

Microsoft Front Page Certified New Horizons - Des Moines, [A A CCOMPLISHMENTS : | 1999

1 Rolled out the first company wide intranet for a Fortune 500 Company. | Learned two computer languages on my own to better understand the
limits of what developers can do. | In 2010, elected Professional and Scientific representative. | Implemented entire electronic thesis/dissertation

solution at Iowa State University. 1 Published paper at International Academy of Technology Education, and Development (IATED) conference:
Empowering Departments Across the University by Using Web Technologies A 2