INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDENT

Career Overview

Results-driven Database Administrator with extensive education in programming, relational database management and computer technology
maintenance.

Qualifications

¢ Database servers ¢ Strong collaborative skills
© Structured query language (SQL) expert © Strong analytical skills
¢ Programming and design skills © Customer needs assessment
© Document management e Excellent problem solving skills
Technical Skills
. . Total Last
Skills Experience Years Used
Nndows Unix, Linux, Mac OSX, VMWare, HTTP/Apache, DNS/BIND, SSH, SNMP, DNS, DHCP, Intermediate 2 May 2016
Accomplishments

Customer Service

¢ Handled customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to
maximize efficiency.

Data Preparation

© Prepared chain of custody packets for title sale reviews of procedures and fees/services justification.
¢ Administration
° Performed administration tasks such as filing, developing spreadsheets, faxing reports, photocopying collateral and scanning
documents for inter-departmental use.
« Reporting
o Maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects.
© Application Design
© Used object-oriented design/programming to design new stand-alone application.
a€«

Planned, installed, configured, and monitored document management infrastructure.

Coordinated scheduled software and hardware patches, upgrades, and enhancements to platforms. Collaborated with IT teams to design and
implement continuous process improvements to prevent production application incidents.

Work Experience

Company Name January 2014 to Current INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDENT

City , State

4€¢Presented various projects includingA VPN, RDMS, and IT Proposals A to several classes and instructors .
a€¢Worked independently and as part ofa team to achieve most equitable outcome.

Company Name September 2010 to October 2013 FORECLOSURE PROCESSOR PARALEGAL

City , State

4€¢Diligently reviewed the specialty loan portfolio for compliance with all reporting requirements.

a€¢Communicated regularly with management regarding portfolio performance and new loan transaction quality.
4€¢Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.

a€¢Scanned and filed forms, reports, correspondence and receipts.

4€¢Entered information into computer databases.

a€¢Reviewed files to check for complete and accurate information.

a€¢Examined Deeds of Trust to determine the grantor, grantee, trustee and loan amount.

4€¢Coordinated with multiple departments regarding responsive documents and document retention.

4€¢Researched bankruptcy loan files to confirm federal guideline compliance.

a€¢Supported a team of three attorneys with generating and filing of pleadings, motions and various court documents.
a€<

Company Name February 2008 to May 2008 TOEFL/TESL INSTRUCTOR

City , State

4€¢Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.

4€¢Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials.
a€¢Performed student background reviews to develop tailored lessons based on student needs.

a€¢Developed, administered and corrected tests and quizzes in a timely manner.

a€¢Combined discipline plan with effective measures and various lesson plans to increase concentration, participation, and progress student
accountability.

4€¢Designed lesson plans focused on age and level-appropriate material.

Education and Training

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY 2006 Bachelor of Arts : English City , State , United States

Skills
Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, SQL Server, VBA, Visual Studio