FF Principal investgatorProgram Director (Las, fst, middle); _

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH
Give the foiowing information foc the key personnel and consultants and collaborators. Begin with he principal
invasigate/program director. Photocopy ths page foreach person,

Nae POSITION THLE
HALAZONETIS, Thanos, D.D.S., Ph.D. Assistant Professor

EDUCATION (Gepin wih baccalaureate or other inital professonal education, sugh as nurang, ad indhde postdoctoral rainag)

INSTITUTION AND LOCATION oeoree | conrenneD FELD OF sTUOY

University of Athens, School of Dentistry, DDS. 1982 ‘Dentistry

Athens, Greece

Tufts Univ., School of Dental Medicine, Boston, MA | Certificate | 1984 Periodontology
Harvard University, Graduate School of Ph.D. 1989 Genetics

Anisand Sciences, Raston, MA

RESEARCH AND PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Conclucing with present poston, it in chronological order, previous employment, experience, and
‘honors. Key personnel include the principal investigator ang any other individuals who panlpae inthe scenic development ex execution othe project
‘ey personnel typcaly wil includ al individuals with doctoral or other professional degrees, butin some projects wil incude Indvivale athe mastos or
‘baccalaureate level proved they contriouein a substantive way tothe sientiic development or erection ol the projet. Include present membership on
‘any Feceral Government pubic advisory commie. List, in chronological orc, tho ties, al author, and complete relerences teal publealions Surin the
ast tees years and to representative ear publications pertinent to this appicaton, OO NOT EXCEED TWO PAGES.

1989-1990 Postdoctoral Fellow, Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA (in the
laboratory of Prof. Philip Leder, who was also my Ph.D. thesis advisor)

1990-1993 Project Leader, Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, West Point, PA

1993-present Assistant Professor, The Wistar Institute, Philadelphia, PA.

1993-present Adjunct Assistant Professor, Department of Pathology, University of Pennsylvania Medical
School, Philadelphia, PA

Member

‘American Association for the Advancement of Science
‘American Association for Cancer Research
Philadelphia Cancer Research Association

PAS 368 fev O97) (Form Page 6) Page FF
"Numer pages consecumly lb botom thoughout the application. Donatus ates such a a3