BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH
Give the folowing information for the key personnel and consultants and collaborators. Begin withthe principal
investigator/program director. Photocopy this page for each person.

AVE POSITION TITLE
Carol C. Korte Research Technician

EDUCATION (Bagin with baccalaureate or other inital professional education, such as nursing, and include
postdoctoral training.)

TER
INSTITUTION AND LOCATION vecace | covreRaen | FIELDOF STUDY
+ —Norifem Mlinois University, DeKalb, TT S. TIT “Biology
be Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, IL MS. 1992 [ Biolog;

RESEARCH ANDIOR PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Condng wih prozont postion lath cronotogcal ere prevous employmons
Expeiance, end Honor. Key pertonnel ue te pencpal ves: apd ony aer indice who paricpate the sire;
Geracoenc mata ots precy uote yal wd nude a nn wh to pcs ds
FEPIRE cetera eaten oe rie. un peer montero ary Feder Goes mie.
ti eroraugl Sd he te. aus and complete oro ol baer dg topo! Wre ons ans
"epreseriave ear publcalors perinent ots appicaton. OO NOY EXCEEO TWO PAGES

lectron Microscopy (1990 - present) Experience in negative staining and the preparation of
tissue for sectioning, viewing, and photographic development of the negatives and prints.

+ Data Analysis (1990- present) Quantitation of morphological characters. Included digitizing,
point counting and otfer measurements. Experience with the design and implementation of”
experiments and various analysis tools.

* Tissue culture, (1991- present) Routine maintainance of cell Hines without contamination.

+ Molecular biology (1995- present) Including routine subcloning, DNA preparation, restriction
analysis, sequencing, and library screening.

+ Cell Biology (1995- present) Immunocytochemical staining of Drosophita tissues followed by
light microscopy with digital imaging and analysis.

Research Assistant (1990- 92) with Dr. L. Yasui, Norther Illinois Univeristy, DeKalb, IL. Cell
survival experiments, electron microscopy, and morphological analysis

+ Research Technologist (1992- 94) Chief Virology Technician at the Pennsylvania State
Univerisity Animal Diagnostic Laboratory

+ Research Assistant (1994- present, half time) with Dr. C. Fisher, Department of Biology, The
Pennsylvania State University, PA’

+ Research Assistant (1995- present, half time) with Dr, G, H. Thomas, Department of
Pennsylvania State University, PA.

Honours:

+ Member of Sigma Xi 1992-present

+ Second Place in 1991 student competition held by the Midwest Society of Electron Microscopists

logy, The

Publications: .
+ Korte, C. C. and Yasui, L, 1993. Morphological characterization of the radiation sensitive cell
line, xrs-5. Scanning Microscopy 7;943-51