FE Princinat invesigatorProgram Oxecor (LAs, rst, mid):

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH

‘Gwe Ih following sntrmation forthe key personnel and consulants and colisboraiors.Bogin wih the pangpal
lnvestgatorprogeam drector, Photocony this page for each person

fae POSTION THE

Rena G. Lapidus Postdoctoral Fellow in Oncology

‘EDUCATION (Begin win bacalurene oho nil protessionl education S00h 8 hrsng, and nude poaiacoraTTairg
YEAR

_ INSTITUTION AND LOCATION oecree | conrenneo FELOOF STUDY

Boston University, Boston, MA B.A. 1986 Chenistry

University of Maryland, Baltimore, MD Ph.D. } 1993 Pharmacology

RESEANCH AND PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Concluding wth present positon, it, in ehvonological order, previous employment experience, and
honors. Key personne! include the principal investigator and any oer individuals who participate athe sciente development ox execution ofthe project.
Key personne! ypcaly wi incude at individuals wih doctoral or othor professional degrees, but some projec wil ncude indhiduals tthe masters oF
baccalaureate love provid they contribute ina substantive way fo the scientite development or execution o he projet. include present membership on
any Federal Government public avisory commitee. List, in chronological err, the tiles, allauthors, and complete elerences toa pucatons dung the
‘ast three years and to representative earior publeations pertinent otis application. H thelist of publications inthe last three years exceeds wo pages.
‘select the most pertinent pubications. DO NOT EXCEED TWO PAGES.

PROF! x -

1984-85 Laboratory Assistant, Boston University, Boston, MA

1985-86 Research Technician, Department of Cancer Biology, Harvard
University School of Public Health, Boston, MA

1986-88 Research Technician, Genzyme Corporation, Cambridge, MA

1988-93 Graduate Research Assistant, Department of Pharmacology,
University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD

1993-present Postdoctoral Fellow in Oncology, The Johns Hopkins

University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD
HONORS

National Deans List (1984, 1986); Susan Komen Breast Cancer Foundation
Fellowship (1995-

PUBLICATIONS:
Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. Inhibition of spermine of the inner membrane

permeability transition of isolated rat heart mitochondria, FEBS Lett.
3132314, 1992,

Streicher-Scott, J., Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. Use of
carboxyatractylate and tight binding inhibitor therapy to determine the
concentration of functional mitochondrial adenine nucleotide translocators in
@ reconstituted system. Anal. Biochem. 210:69, 1993.

Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. Spermine inhibition of the permeability
transition of isolated rat liver mitochondria: an investigation of mechanism.
Arch. Biochem. Biophys, 306:246-253, 1993.

Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. The mitochondrial permeability transition:
interactions of spermine, ADP and inorganic phosphate. J. Biol, Chem. (in
press).

BRS soe ov oT) (Form Pago 6) Page FF
Number pages cndecubvely le botom troughout the application Oo natuteEttaes auch 23a, 2.