‘PHYSIOLOGY OF RESPIRATORY SYSTEM and mo, 74

(GHRONTC PULOUARY DISEASES ae
et
‘Tue Counct. For Topacco Reszarcu - U.S.A, INC. Ren: 1/3/7.
commerce: * mo xast sora smazt Rent 2/3/72
Dr. Tooslt EW YORK, N.¥. 10082

Dr Meter
Dr; Somers

Doin July 26, 1972.

[Nome of lvesigatr acide Tle and Degree)

Ng (- arnezasy dosent

‘and Pathology ; Chairaan, Principal Tovestigator.

AUSEAS 4." 2 teihfen &~ Boussauv, Lue, Lic. Biol. Se., full-time research assistant, doctorandus.
‘Addren:  Cominvestigator.

= dessecht, Monique (Mes. Gonbecr), Lic. Biol. Sc, full-time research at
Coniavestigator-

Tixperinental Laboratory of Cardiopulaonary and Genital Pathology, Department of
athology, University of Leuven, 12, Minderbroedersstr
3. Shon Tle of Poet
Tee Iysphatics of the lung. Their role in fluid traneport and clearance of air~
borne particulate matter in norsal and experisental conditions and in various
lung diseases.
‘4. Propned Stoning Dats
January 1, 1973.
‘5. Aatgpated Duron of th Specie Sty.
‘Taree (3) years-
6 tel Derepton of Objecvso Spec Ame:
Despite our experience in the proposed field of investigation, munerous aspects of the
structure and fonction of the puluonary Iyaphatics are still either largely unknown or @
natter of considerable controversy in the literature. Each technique of study having its
shortcomings, these can only be solved accurately by a further and aultidisciplinary in~
vestigation of the pulmonary Iyaphacics which vill Include various techniques,
anatomical injection studies, ~ stereoaicroscopical studies, ~ serial reconstruct
= radiography and sicroradiogcaphy, ~ histological techniques,  sorphonetrical techniques,
istochesical techniques, ~ eraneniesion electron microscopy, ~ freeze-etching electron
 alcroscopy and seanning electron sicroscopy.
. ‘ During the three years of this research proposal ve intend to study the pulsonary lyzphs~
up“. ‘thes = with the techniques propored ~ along three najor Lines of investigation * ~ (1)
Bormal sorphology of the puluonary lyrphatics, = (2) an experiuental study of the variou
Se Porphological factors involved in the clearance and lyzphatic drainage of the long pater
ghyma, ~ (3) and sorphological studies of the lung lymphatics in various pathologicel com
i ivions especially in such cases viiere the formation of lung edena is observed (e-g. neo™
natal lungs : hyaline sesbrane disease ; adele lungs + pulnonary edesa, especially when
associated vith chronie respiratory insufficiency ae in chronic bronchitis or eaplysessy
shock lungs (cardiogenic and neurogenic), uremia, dromning...). Though the lines of investi~
fetion are distinct, the study object (Ire. the iyophacies) ia identical and the results
These studies vitl necessarily end in icportant and original contributions vhich will
have many basic and applied results in the steucture and function of the noreal and
diseased tung. Ie is obvious that these studies are of iepediate and relevent icportance
in biological tobacco research.

jarius in Microscep:

Anatoay

“ +B = 3000 LEUEN-BELSIIN.

¢ A combine snd muidisepinary sorhotegent tnvestt=
7. GrecbiaSiumettyor Wang pees gation by a Seam of investigators working closely tor
ether since several years, wil allow eo avoid the
Shortcomings of each individual technique of inverti~
tation in tyephatie rgsparch. Studies of pulmonary fluid transport and of sitborse particur
*. Late: mutter In normalichseusad! lunge, and ia axpertnentall condivions rgently teavese Pree
U'Y'vAe: alte and vo-to-dace Knoviedee of the pulnonery ivophatics, sich te still Iucking.