\
Opell bud? FErzare

2 es ates nah ne
Sen rent

ATTACHMENT, 1),

touting dteptey plane, effective ApcIL, ty 1990, for
Thte plan terainaten and supernedes Permanent *
theee plants

ku ds Reynotde Tobacco Coapeny Le pleased to sonounce the fol
citalt atores vith sett 120+ CPU prtmectty by the packeoe-
Center otaptey plane end the Ooral Co Plan In the retell outtete which secePe

4 tut permanent Counter Oleptey ac cash ceatecer
tut Promattonal Counter Olapley
fut Destonated Adverttatng

Payments WILE be made on a quarterly baste ae follovs, howe, 73
eS trays a4 trays o
Voluse 1 Promo oleptey © Promo Olepley 2
category voluse Soeatonated sav. | + vestonated ade 2

ay
3 120-169 $05 £95 “
‘ 10+ $95 100 2

Plan P s & |

choareete volume wilt be deteentned by the average total weekly satet of alt brands of elgarettes during the

ost recent three-month pertods

soscltfe Reavirenents:
ba Js Reynolds Tobacco Compeny WILL furntah sppropriete dleptay f1xt

selected by the retailers

ures end sdvertiaing vehicle for the plen

Sash Realeter, DUB stable to thote retailers who poeteton and natntaln the dep £8 etaing the primary
+ rvataptay selected wilt be placed with efaer corde) on op creyce) and CHNST saverttelng
cath ren ates rained ty rds Reynotde Tobacco Conpeny on tever cevCs) {f epplterbles

= The peteary cath cealeter posttton, 6 deftned by R. 4. Reynolds Tebscce Conary ta a porteton directly
rent of chat eegtater. Final approve

cuth regtater.

sdlotning the nost active cath register and on the

sttet na en te alaptay porteton vill be deteralned by on Rs J- Rernotde Topscco Company cepresente:
tive.

1 for « combination of full

care eeceettenat Counter olsplay conalete of # speclatly deslaned merchandl ses

price promotfonel pecks end Lov price R48 brands.
= the dlaplay uILC be portttoned on the petmary checkout +
representative.

agceed upon by the Re 4. Remotde Tobacco Compeny

1 Desfansted Advert etna
Reatannted Ades s eta tatng nurt be placed tn an uncbatructed lecatton no nore than 10 f6< from the prlaary

selling ares facing the contueer
= the tJ. Reynolds Tebscce Company representa
Destgneted Advertising placement.

jve renerven the elaht te determine type end tocatton of

lonty one dlaptay plan aay be selected by any one retell Hore,