ABSTRACT FORM FOR OFFICE USE ONLY

AACR Annual Meeting

March 28-April 1, 1998

New Orleans, LA Perm. Abst. No._| Temp. Abst. No,
CK Other INP.

OT FOLD

DNA expression

NCI7102.

1 Category and Subelaefcation
(ee Pages 810): Type the fivechancier
ade in be bes provided, fr eumple,

lw

bronchial epithel

bronchial epithelia, lung adenocarcinoma, and small cell lung carcinoma cells,
Hellmann, G.M., Qian, X, Fields, W.R,
Biological Research, RIR Research & Development, RJ. Reynolds, Winston Salem,

‘The generation of v
Poorly understood phenomenon brought about by changes in the expression spectrum
of a wide range of genes,
expression of different gene classes including oncogenesftumor suppressor genes,
cell-cell communication-telated genes, cytokines, apoptosis, and cell eyling genes,
Hence the simultaneous monitoring of dfferetial and quantitative changes i texe
{genes can provide mechanistic information to increase our understanding of human
Pulmonary carcinogenesis models. To this end, we have employed a commercially
available human cDNA microarray to systematically screen for alterations in the
‘expression of over 500 human genes. Total mRNA was obtained from cultured cells
‘of normal human bronchial epithelia as well af several hing carcinoma lines The
xpresion level ofeach gene was compared and normalized with hee housekeeping
‘enes (ubiquitin, B-actn, and ribosomal protein $9). Among the carcinoma lines the
class exhibiting the greatest number of gene expression increases from novmal
‘was that containing oncogenesirumor suppressor genes, while the
class exhibiting the greatest number of decreases was one containing cell-cell
communication-related genes. In this preliminary stud
methodology has shown promise as a useful tool in simultaneous monitoring of
‘complex gene expression changes during stages of pulmonary carcinogenesis,

array analysis of mRNA levels in cultured normal human

Bombick, D.W. and Doolittle, DJ.

rarying complex phenotypes displayed by human lung tumors is &
‘The complete phenotype may involve changes in the

‘DNA array expression

‘Type abstract within back ines, See sample abstract.

6423,

$1882 9117

2 Abstract l SPONSORED by: Member No, G.Abwctistobe PRESENTEDty:____stenber Na
(Si Diciny of eaben fr Member No) ‘ax AACR Heat

Larry W. Daniel, Ph.D. Rane Gary M. Helmann Nare

Pam rind Pas

Bowman Gray School of Medicine "Asean Bowman Gray Technical Center Assess

Wake Forest University R. J. Reynotds
~Winston-Salen, North Carolina iy Sate Winston-Salem, NC hy Sate
‘ie 27102 Eg USA

2IAST=1016 Porat Cate _ILSaA, Country Poa Code Comey
4(910)716-3623 tecephone No(910)_ 716-7671 FAX No. 210-741-0735 teephone No. 910=741-1321 — Fax No
Idaniel@bgen.edu Mal Addess Mal Ades

tnd ba ofa the autos, 1 bereby
contin Wei,

Signature of SPONSOR

‘it SPONSOR isn Astocate Member) 1, the undersigned
<Astiveor Coresponding Member in good sanding. Emeritus ot Honopary
‘Member. endorse the conan of is aera for wich the above nine
‘Asociate Member i sponsor and peer. (See tepals apiing1o
‘Asocate Member on Fage 3),

tara i Pd
Signe __MenberNo,

5 Eughiity for Young Investigator Awards (Américin abd Internation)
C1 A. The PRESENTER of tis aboct is «medi or graduate sent,
‘osicin in unig, or postdoc el,

1 &. the PRESENTER mes the citerain Box A above and is also a
‘ior sient as defied by the Nena Cancer lie ir Page 9),

of USS40 Abstract Submision Fee,

Checks enloed Pete list name of PRESENTER onthe check.
Kt asborize you to charge my cei card forthe abst sbaition fe

Dotarecart Bf Anerican Rapes

Ovisa