COMPETITIVE PRODUCT INTRODUCTION
PROGRESS REPORT

To: KA. SPARROW MANUFACTURER: R. J, Reynolds _
FROM: D. J. Landro BRAND: Camel Menthol
DA 9/10/96 TYPE OF PACKINGS: Full Flavor Box and Light Box

REPORTING PERIODS: AUG __X SEPT oct Nov
(Forward by the 10th of the following month.)

TEST MARKET GEOGRAPHY: __The area involved is the Rl. Reynolds Chicago Region and Buffalo Region.
inthe Chicagoland area, the product s being worked by the Sales Reps, with POS, of al types, including metal
‘signs, counter mats, danglers, posters, decals, and mobile hanging pieces. The billboard suppor is very heavy
along expressways and in the towns. In Wisconsin, the product is available trom approximately Beloit to Madison
to Fond du Lac to Kenosha. The area on the attached map includes the Milwaukee Metro area. in this area, there
is litte or no POS, no billboards, and currently no promotional suppor, other than some 30¢ coupons or stickers
on permanent displays to te in with Camel support

PRICE POINT: FULL $_ 11.89 (indicates distribution cost per carton)

SALES FORCE INVOLVEMENT: _linois ~ Product was pre-booked into accounts for rapid distribution, POS
is placed on perms and in many instances only “Menthot appears on the display if only a 1 ~tray unitfor Camels.
‘There are panels for the lighted headers on perms. Sales Flaps have been pro~booking orders for BiGIF
product, which has appeared at reall and, in iost cases, has sold through very fast. Rleps are also placing
facsimile displays that are a heavy—duty cardboard unit, which has 4 columns, 2 cartons of each packing.
Wisconsin — Product was pre sold and shipped; however, t does not appear that the sales force is actively
‘promoting. Menthol is on the perm displays, 1-2 rows of each, and no promotional suppor. Occasionally,

a retailer has been told thatthe Sales Rep will coupon it the next ime around.

DISTRIBUTORS ~ ACCEPTANCE/INTRO TERMS/INTRO DEALS:
‘All direct accounts have accepted the product.

‘Camel Menthol is oniy in 6M's. List price and terms are the same as Camel.
iniro allowance has been reported as $16 per 6M case.

DISTRIBUTOR INVOLVEMENT: _Dearborn Grocery Wholesalers was asked to solicit 4 carton displays by their
Sales Rep in their account. The Dearbom Sales Reps offer the retailer $5 for the display, and the Sales Rep

also receives $4 for each display shipped. This offer was supposed to be extended to any Dearborn Reps
‘working tlinois, indiana (northern), Michigan (southwestern area), and Ohio.

‘All major ilinois jobbers have been shipping out pre-booked 81G1F product and live product for pre-booked _ \O

‘orders. There has been nothing, to date, reported about B1G1F deals in Wisconsin jobbers. McLane, from souther {=

Iinois, has reported shipping B1G1F deals into the Open Pantry chain in Wisconsin (15 stores). This is one of the
few accounts McLane has in Wisconsin, —

Kwik Trip (258 stores) accepted the product for their iowa stores only and has shipped a 40—pack temp display
10 those stores in lowa only with 30€ coupons.

Banner Wholesale (Chicago) has been seling 80—pack (40—deal) B1G1F displays off their sales floor to

‘Cash & Carry customers.

Xo

S9S89

PAGE 1 OF 3